docs: update for v5 (#1992)
lingui/js-lingui: website/docs/tutorials/setup-react.mdx

<Tabs groupId="babel-swc" queryString="babel-or-swc">
  <TabItem value="babel" label="Babel" default>
    - Install `@lingui/cli`, ` @lingui/babel-plugin-lingui-macro` and Babel core packages as a development dependencies, and `@lingui/react` as a runtime dependency:

      ```bash npm2yarn
      npm install --save-dev @lingui/cli @babel/core
      npm install --save-dev @lingui/babel-plugin-lingui-macro
      npm install --save @lingui/react
      ```

    - Add `lingui-macro` plugin to Babel config (e.g: `.babelrc`):

      ```json
      {
        "plugins": ["@lingui/babel-plugin-lingui-macro"]
      }
      ```

>       When using any preset, first check if it includes the `macros` plugin. Than you don't need to install and setup  `@lingui/babel-plugin-lingui-macro`. These presets already includes the `macros` plugin: `react-scripts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      When using any preset, first check if it includes the `macros` plugin. If so, then you don't need to install and set up  `@lingui/babel-plugin-lingui-macro`. For example, the `react-scripts` preset is known to contain the `macros` plugin. 
```
